Sorry, I do not know the answer.
You can put in any issue from any project, which eventually will remove the sprint information since moving the issue is not a wise move as you will lose the historical data of the issue and the sprint retrospective. The workaround which is to remove the sprint historical data, you can do: (1)Navigate to Administration >> Custom Field.(2)Include the Sprint field in the Edit Issue screen. (3)Go to the Issue in JIRA.(4)Edit the issue directly in JIRA and remove the sprint information.
The sprint marker is a Scrum tool that can be used to quickly add multiple issues in the backlog into an inactive sprint. The sprint marker requires a Sprint to be created first before it becomes visible and ready to be used. (1)In Plan Mode, create a sprint by clicking on the Create Sprint button. (2)You should be able to see the Sprint marker below the inactive sprint. (3)Simply click and drag the marker downwards to automatically include issues from the backlog into this sprint.
Epics on the Plan mode cannot be hidden unless they have been marked as done, in which case they will no longer show on the board. To aid users in visually identifying which Epic is being worked under a selected Version, Epics which don't belong to a selected version will be greyed out. 
This is currently not possible, as the Burndown Chart will follow the Estimation statistic that is configured for that particular board. Hence, only one Estimation statistic can be configured at any one time. 
If you plan to use Story Points as the Estimation statistic and Tracking Statistic for your agile board, then there are several things to check if you can't get the Story points field to display properly in Plan/Work mode. Please refer to https://confluence.atlassian.com/agile/jira-agile-resources/jira-agile-faq/how-do-i-configure-the-story-points-field-to-be-displayed-in-my-scrum-board
Custom fields in JIRA (story points is a custom field) can be configured with a context that restricts it's usage to certain projects and/or issue types. To check this, please go to Administration >> Custom Fields. Look out for the Available Context(s) column.By default the Story Points field is only configured for Epic and Story issue types. So if you have a board with Story and Bug issue types, you won't be able to see the Story Points field for all bugs in that board. 
If your board is configured to use Story Points as the estimation statistic, then the story points field is actually the Estimate field in the issue detail view.If you have not configured the board to use Story Points as estimation, then you will need to add the Story Points field to the issue detail view, as per described in https://confluence.atlassian.com/agile/jira-agile-user-s-guide/configuring-a-board/configuring-the-issue-detail-view.
To show Story Points directly on the issue itself in Work Mode, you need to set the Tracking Statistic of your board to none, which means "Use the estimation statistic as the tracking statistic".
The custom fields will be hidden depending on the configuration context of the custom field.Simply put, if you do not associate the field with the project where JIRA Agile is being used, it will not appear at the issue detail view even it is added to the issue detail view configuration. If you only associate this with the Bug issue type, other issue types will not contain this field in the issue detail view. 
This can be done easily by setting the Default Value of the Story Point custom field in the Custom Field page. As an example, setting the value of Story Point to 1 by: (1)Navigate to the Custom Fields section and locate the Story Points field. (2)Click on the Edit Default Value link. (3)Set the value to the number that you want. In this example, we set it to 1. (4)Create the Story in the Scrum Board. The Story Point will be set to 1 by default.
The backlog can be sorted depending on the filter you are using in that particular board. (1)Click on the Board drop-down menu button on the top right corner. (2)Select Configure from the drop-down menu. (3) Click on the Edit Filter Query link to edit the filter. (This will bring you to the Issue Navigator) Add the ORDER BY clause to the filter itself to sort the results. (4)You should be able to see the Filter tab showing the list of filter settings. (5)Remember to save the filter changes in the Issue Navigator, or else the changes won't reflect.
A story is linked to its Epic via the Epic Link custom field. Therefore, you can remove an issue from an Epic by simply emptying the Epic Link field in the issue itself. To edit the Epic Link field value in a closed Story (or any issue that has been closed, for that matter) you will actually have to enable the edition of closed issues in the workflow that this board is following. 
If you are filtering your board using Epic Links, e.g. with a quick filter (https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/AGILE/Configuring+Quick+Filters), you will notice that any subtask you have in your board will not show up anymore. This is because Subtasks are not directly linked to epics, e.g. subtasks do not have an Epic Link field value to associate it to the epic. This causes the quick-filter above to not pick up any subtasks.The epic link field is only populated for parent issues.
This can be done by directly running an SQL select query from the database: SELECT COUNT(id) FROM ao_60db71_rapidview; This will return the number of boards regardless of Kanban or Scrum. To get the number of Kanban-only boards:SELECT COUNT(id) FROM ao_60db71_rapidview WHERE SPRINTS_ENABLED = 0;To get the number of Scrum-only boards:SELECT COUNT(id) FROM ao_60db71_rapidview WHERE SPRINTS_ENABLED = 1;
The ability to access JIRA Agile Scrum board is controlled by the filter that is currently in use by that board. To restrict users to view and access the JIRA Agile Scrum board, please do as per following steps. (1)Go to the Agile Scrum/Kanban board. (2)Click on Board >> Configure. (3)Click on Edit Filter Shares in the General tab.Click on the Filter's: Details.(4)Edit Permissions to add/remove the desired group or project. If the filter is not editable, click on "Save as" to create a copy and edit. You can later apply it to the Board.